chore(repo): made readme slightly more verbose (#21)
glasskube/gitops-template: README.md

- Line 12 in: [`bootstrap/glasskube-application.yaml`](bootstrap/glasskube-application.yaml#L12)
- Lines 11, 16 and 26 in: [`bootstrap/glasskube/applicationset.yaml`](bootstrap/glasskube/applicationset.yaml#L11-L26)

> - Save and commit changes to your target package repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Commit and push changes to your target git repository.
```
